docs(guides): add link to getting started quickstart apps (#5404)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/guides/component-testing/getting-started.mdx

to **increment** it as well as a `span` tag that sits in the middle of the buttons to show the
current value of the counter.

:::info

> To see example's of the Stepper Component and it's tests in each Framework, visit our [Component Testing Quick Start Apps Repo](https://github.com/cypress-io/component-testing-quickstart-apps)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see examples of the Stepper Component and its tests in each Framework, visit our [Component Testing Quick Start Apps Repo](https://github.com/cypress-io/component-testing-quickstart-apps)
```

:::

> 

Reviewer: I think you need to add some specific steps to copy from https://github.com/cypress-io/component-testing-quickstart-apps/blob/main/react/my-awesome-app/src/components/Stepper.jsx otherwise when you get to where it says:

"Switch back to the browser you opened for testing, and you should now see the Stepper Component in the spec list. "

there are no specific instructions to make sure that the Stepper Component has been added.

### Passing Props to Components

> We should also have a test to ensure the `count` prop sets the count to

Reviewer: This doesn't work with https://github.com/cypress-io/component-testing-quickstart-apps/blob/main/react/my-awesome-app/src/components/Stepper.jsx as it is currently defined.
